MRS as monorepo with frontend application (#23)
projecttacoma/measure-repository-service: README.md

git clone https://github.com/projecttacoma/measure-repository-service.git
```

Install root directory dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

### Frontend and Backend Installation

Refer to the READMEs for both the frontend and backend of the Measure Repository Service in their respective directories for specific setup and installation instructions.

## Usage

### Overall Usage

> Once you have things installed and setup in the `frontend` and `backend` directories, you can run the following in the root directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the necessary dependencies installed  in the `frontend` and `backend` directories, you can run the following commands in the root directory:
```

To start the the frontend application and backend server in parallel:

```bash
npm run start:all
```

> This starts up the Measure Repository service at `localhost:3001` and you can open the Measure Repository Service frontend application by navigating to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

Reviewer: Is port 3001 the default in `.env.example`? When I ran the `npm run start:all` command it started the Measure Repository Service on port 3000 (but that could be because that's what I have in my `.env`). We might want to set a default for the MRS port and the frontend port if we don't have them set already (ex. `next dev -p 3000` in the frontend package.json)

Author: Ah good point- I think I have this flip flopped. So the frontend should run on 3001 and the server should be on 3000?

git clone https://github.com/projecttacoma/measure-repository-service.git
```

Install root directory dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

### Frontend and Backend Installation

> Refer to the READMEs for both the frontend and backend of the Measure Repository Service in their respective directories for specific setup and installation instructions.

Reviewer: Thoughts on also adding a sentence in this README about how the repository uses `npm workspaces` and how all `npm` installations need to be done at the root directory?

Fine leaving this README as-is if you think this will make us sound like a broken record lol. But it seems like the flow will be: the user reads this README, which says to look at the backend/frontend READMEs, and then those READMEs say you need to be in the root directory for installations, and so the user then needs to `cd` back to the root dir. So it might be worth adding a blurb here as well to reduce the amount of `cd`-ing that needs to be done

## Usage

Once you have the necessary dependencies installed in the `frontend` and `backend` directories, you can run the following in the root directory:

To start the the frontend application and backend server in parallel:

```bash
npm run start:all
```

> This starts up the Measure Repository service at `localhost:3000` and you can open the Measure Repository Service frontend application by navigating to [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) in your browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This starts up the Measure Repository service at `localhost:3000` and you can open the Measure Repository Service frontend application by navigating to http://localhost:3001 in your browser.
```

markdown tip: you don't need to use the `[display](link)` syntax for a link that starts with http already if you don't want to display the actual linka s something different

- version

### Data Requirements

The Measure Repository Service server supports the `Measure` and `Library` `$data-requirements` operations with the SHALL parameters specified in the publishable measure repository section of the [HL7 Measure Repository Docs](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/cqf-measures/measure-repository-service.html#publishable-measure-repository). SHALL parameters are:

- id
- url
- version
- identifier
```bash
npm run start:all
```

Supported optional parameters for `Measure` are:
This starts up the Measure Repository service at `localhost:3000` and you can open the Measure Repository Service frontend application by navigating to http://localhost:3001 in your browser.

- periodStart
- periodEnd
To start only the frontend:

### Submit
The Measure Repository Service server supports the `$submit` operation for `Measure` and `Library` resources, as specified in the Authoring Measure Repository section of the [HL7 Measure Repository Docs](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/cqf-measures/measure-repository-service.html#authoring-measure-repository). The operation does not take in any parameters. 
```bash
npm run start:frontend
```

## License
To start only the backend:

> Copyright 2022 The MITRE Corporation

Reviewer: Should we still have the Apache License at the root dir as well or nah? I don't think we have a license specified in the frontend README - I assume the license at the root would apply to everything, right?
